Deprecate and point to new join us page (#37)
BBC-News/join-us: index.md

title: BBC Digital Products
---

# Join Us (deprecated)

> We're looking for app and web software engineers. We've moved: [Our new join us page](https://bbc.github.io/join-us/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're looking for Software Engineers, Test Engineers, User Experience Designers and lots of other disciplines. We've moved: [Our new join us page](https://bbc.github.io/join-us/)
```
